Although my power has been purified
But I feel as light as a swallow
Full of power
Even the broken fairy root has been repaired
So
So you and the witch fly
Fantastic
Don't tell you
I Tianyuan Gate every three years
I will invite the ancestors to come and select an outstanding talent
Now the three-year ambition has arrived
Can be selected by Lingyun human performers of virtual idols
Old Ancestor will do the Dharma by himself
Xiao Yingfeng, you are not a master of skills
Has it become waste?
Why are you still here to join in the fun?
Ying Feng, your body is fine
It's just a loss of skill
I just hate that we didn't get to the forbidden area earlier
Let you be victimized by the witch fly
Master is actually Xiaoyingfeng
You will take good care of your wounds in the future
You shouldn't participate in trials like this
It's not that we don't miss your kindness
It's just the secret of the ancestors
Gotta teach me the basics
You can't get in like this.
Ah Yanfang
Have you really lost all your skills?
Ah, what a pity.
The master said it well
Xiao Yingfeng, you used to be strong
But you've become trash now
Don't just join in the fun
Today's selection of disciples Quan Dang will try his best
If the ancestor doesn't like it
The disciple has no complaints
I'm just letting you take care of yourself
I don't mean anything else.
If so
Then you can also try it.
If you can't get into the eyes of your ancestors
Then I have no fate
So good before
Wasn't it stabbed by that demon witch?
Shut up, senior brother, don't say it, junior sister
Forget it, Lin Yuanting reports his name here
Ancestor free decision
Master, I'll go first